README.md, before:

![Crate](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/master/images/crate/hero-with-link.png)

# Crate 👕👖📦 

#### Get monthly subscription of trendy clothes and accessories.
- **API** built with Node, GraphQL, Express, Sequelize (MySQL) and JWT Auth
- **WebApp** built with React and Redux along with Server Side Rendering (SSR) / SEO friendly
- **Mobile** (Android and iOS) Native App build with React Native
- Written in ES6+ using Babel + Webpack
- Designed using Adobe Experience Design. Preview it [here](https://xd.adobe.com/view/a662a49f-57e7-4ffd-91bd-080b150b0317/).


## Features
- Modular and easily scalable code structure
- Emphasis on developer experience
- UI components in separate folder which can be swapped for your favorite UI framework easily
- Responsive UI for React Native to support Mobile and Tablet
- GraphQL schema with associations
- User authentication using JSON Web Tokens with GraphQL API
- File upload feature with GraphQL
- React storybook demonstrating UI components for web
- Server side rendering


## Useful for
- Developers with basic knowledge on React exploring advance React projects
- Developers learning React Native
- Exploring GraphQL
- Scalable project structure and code
- Starter application for Mobile and Web along with SSR
- Sample project with combination of all above


## Screenshots and GIFs
Click on image to view fullscreen and zoom

### Desktop
[IMAGE](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/desktop-all-with-link.png)

![Crate Desktop](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/master/images/crate/desktop-all-with-link.png)

### Mobile 
[IMAGE](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/mobile-all-with-link.png) · [GIF](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/mobile.gif)

![Crate Mobile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/master/images/crate/mobile-all-with-link.png)

### Tablet
[IMAGE](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/tablet-all-with-link.png) · [GIF](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/tablet.gif)

![Crate Tablet](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/master/images/crate/tablet-all-with-link.png)


## Core Structure
    code
      ├── api (api.example.com)
      │   ├── public
      │   ├── src
      │   │   ├── config
      │   │   ├── migrations
      │   │   ├── modules
      │   │   ├── seeders
      │   │   ├── setup
      │   │   └── index.js
      │   │
      │   └── package.json
      │
      ├── mobile (Android, iOS)
      │   ├── assets
      │   ├── src
      │   │   ├── modules
      │   │   ├── setup
      │   │   ├── ui
      │   │   └── index.js
      │   │
      │   └── package.json
      │
      ├── web (example.com)
      │   ├── public
      │   ├── src
      │   │   ├── modules
      │   │   ├── setup
      │   │   ├── ui
      │   │   └── App.js
      │   ├── storybook
      │   │
      │   └── package.json
      │
      ├── .gitignore
      └── README.md


## Setup and Running
- Clone repo `git clone git@github.com:atulmy/crate.git crate`
- Switch to `code` directory `cd code`
- API: Install packages and database setup (migrations and seed) `cd api` and `npm run setup`
- Webapp: Install packages `cd web` and `npm install`
- Mobile: Install packages `cd mobile` and `npm install`
- Modify `/api/src/config/database.json` for database credentials
- Modify `/api/src/config/config.json` for API port (optional)
- Modify `/web/.env` for API URL (optional)
- Modify `/mobile/src/setup/config.json` for API URL (tip: use `ifconfig` to get your local IP address)
- Run API `cd api` and `npm start`, browse GraphiQL at http://localhost:3000/
- Run Webapp `cd webapp` and `npm start`, browse webapp at http://localhost:8000/
- Run Mobile `cd mobile` and `npm start`, browse mobile on either emulator or using Expo on your mobile phone


## Inspirations
- [fullstack-graphql](https://github.com/atulmy/fullstack-graphql)
- [universal-react](https://github.com/atulmy/universal-react)


## Authors
Atul Yadav - [GitHub](https://github.com/atulmy) · [Twitter](https://twitter.com/atulmy)


## License
Copyright (c) 2018 Atul Yadav http://github.com/atulmy

The MIT License (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

Commit message:

Option to clear cache (AsyncStorage) data in User Profile screen (mobile), refactoring (mobile), updated Readme with additional Resources

README.md, after:

![Crate](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/master/images/crate/hero-with-link.png)

# Crate 👕👖📦 

#### Get monthly subscription of trendy clothes and accessories.
- **API** built with Node, GraphQL, Express, Sequelize (MySQL) and JWT Auth
- **WebApp** built with React and Redux along with Server Side Rendering (SSR) / SEO friendly
- **Mobile** (Android and iOS) Native App build with React Native
- Written in ES6+ using Babel + Webpack
- Designed using Adobe Experience Design. Preview it [here](https://xd.adobe.com/view/a662a49f-57e7-4ffd-91bd-080b150b0317/).


## Features
- Modular and easily scalable code structure
- Emphasis on developer experience
- UI components in separate folder which can be swapped for your favorite UI framework easily
- Responsive UI for React Native to support Mobile and Tablet
- GraphQL schema with associations
- User authentication using JSON Web Tokens with GraphQL API
- File upload feature with GraphQL
- React storybook demonstrating UI components for web
- Server side rendering


## Useful for
- Developers with basic knowledge on React exploring advance React projects
- Developers learning React Native
- Exploring GraphQL
- Scalable project structure and code
- Starter application for Mobile and Web along with SSR
- Sample project with combination of all above


## Screenshots and GIFs
Click on image to view fullscreen and zoom

### Desktop
[IMAGE](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/desktop-all-with-link.png)

![Crate Desktop](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/master/images/crate/desktop-all-with-link.png)

### Mobile 
[IMAGE](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/mobile-all-with-link.png) · [GIF](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/mobile.gif)

![Crate Mobile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/master/images/crate/mobile-all-with-link.png)

### Tablet
[IMAGE](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/tablet-all-with-link.png) · [GIF](https://github.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/blob/master/images/crate/tablet.gif)

![Crate Tablet](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/atulmy/atulmy.github.io/master/images/crate/tablet-all-with-link.png)


## Core Structure
    code
      ├── api (api.example.com)
      │   ├── public
      │   ├── src
      │   │   ├── config
      │   │   ├── migrations
      │   │   ├── modules
      │   │   ├── seeders
      │   │   ├── setup
      │   │   └── index.js
      │   │
      │   └── package.json
      │
      ├── mobile (Android, iOS)
      │   ├── assets
      │   ├── src
      │   │   ├── modules
      │   │   ├── setup
      │   │   ├── ui
      │   │   └── index.js
      │   │
      │   └── package.json
      │
      ├── web (example.com)
      │   ├── public
      │   ├── src
      │   │   ├── modules
      │   │   ├── setup
      │   │   ├── ui
      │   │   └── App.js
      │   ├── storybook
      │   │
      │   └── package.json
      │
      ├── .gitignore
      └── README.md


## Setup and Running
- Clone repo `git clone git@github.com:atulmy/crate.git crate`
- Switch to `code` directory `cd code`
- API: Install packages and database setup (migrations and seed) `cd api` and `npm run setup`
- Webapp: Install packages `cd web` and `npm install`
- Mobile: Install packages `cd mobile` and `npm install`
- Modify `/api/src/config/database.json` for database credentials
- Modify `/api/src/config/config.json` for API port (optional)
- Modify `/web/.env` for API URL (optional)
- Modify `/mobile/src/setup/config.json` for API URL (tip: use `ifconfig` to get your local IP address)
- Run API `cd api` and `npm start`, browse GraphiQL at http://localhost:3000/
- Run Webapp `cd webapp` and `npm start`, browse webapp at http://localhost:8000/
- Run Mobile `cd mobile` and `npm start`, browse mobile on either emulator or using Expo on your mobile phone


## Resources and Inspirations
- fullstack-graphql - [GitHub](https://github.com/atulmy/fullstack-graphql)
- universal-react - [GitHub](https://github.com/atulmy/universal-react)
- Container Components - [Medium Post](https://medium.com/@learnreact/container-components-c0e67432e005)
- Zero to GraphQL in 30 Minutes - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBGzsb2UkeY&list=PLkuiMQfg5DujhOSZ1A8kDl0hKV_ICTjp-)
- Building a GraphQL Server [YouTube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLillGF-RfqbYZty73_PHBqKRDnv7ikh68)
- Universal JavaScript Web Applications with React by [Luciano Mammino](https://github.com/lmammino) - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VEwRFP8WtI)
- Building Youtube UI in 30 Mins - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdKtugH-sb8)
- Building Stellar Mobile UX With React Native - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssXB9RMTpTs)

## Authors
- Atul Yadav - [GitHub](https://github.com/atulmy) · [Twitter](https://twitter.com/atulmy)
- [YOUR NAME HERE] Feel free to contribute to the codebase by resolving any open issues, refactoring, adding new features, writing test cases or any other way to make the project better and helpful to the community. Fork and sending pull request.


## License
Copyright (c) 2018 Atul Yadav http://github.com/atulmy

The MIT License (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)
